Hey there my name is Kelvin C. Ricafort, I was born a mild spastic diplegic cerebral palsy to an engineer father and a housewife for a mother.
We are 2 children in the family. I am the eldest, my younger sister is born one year after me. I was a bookworm when i was a child.

During my elementary days, I was excelling at english, and science, though I hated Mathematics. I survived elementay school with the help of
my teachers who tutored me and my parents who are supporting me in my endeavour. During my high school days I realized I was fascinated 
by computers (my younger sister has computer class on her school). Music was my outlet
when I am stressed and I would pick up my guitar and sing a song until my stress levels are gone.
This led me to a bachelor's degree in computer programming course in college at AMA Computer Learning Center. Where I graduated at 2007. I
went out for a 6 year hiatus before joining my first company.

During April 28, 2013 I searched the internet for an online job because I am tired of playing games and doing nothing.
My college classmate Patrick Tan introduced me to Genashtim Innovative Learning Pte Ltd. and ask me to try out in the company. 
And I did what he said, I whipped up my resumé and sent to their HR and after a few days I was ask for an interview. 
Luckily i was chosen to be
an assistant to the HR Manager, and later on transferred to the IT department Abled Online because of my IT Skills. I was
promoted to full time 3 months later, they asked me if I want to be a mobile apps developer for them and I said yes and
later on handled EMT (EPiC Monitoring Team) as a staff there. There I learned how to interact with students and coaches
with their session. I resigned from Genashtim in 2021 and I went in hiatus again for 6 months. After 6 months I was searching 
for a job opening on the internet and I found Tera Systems Inc. which offered me a job as a mobile apps developer for 2 months.

After 2 months they terminated my probationary terms. Which led me to Virtualahan.

Virtualahan was like a second home for me. I like the people there. They are very welcoming for anybody.

Life is hard for someone with cerebral palsy. Especially when courting someone. I was betrayed by first girlfriend in 2016. She
cheated me for a Police officer in her town who has a wife, and then i found someone who didn't look at my disability at 2022 when I 
took a vacation on my father's hometown in Marifosque, Pilar, Sorsogon. It was an 11-hour drive. We went to a vacation every holy week.

Last December, my father brought home a male kitten, which i named "Shadow". He was a white kitten with brown spots. After some time,
we adopted a 5 week old kitten which we named "Ampi". She was a female black kitten

That's my story guys thanks for reading about the story of my life.
